Extend shipping example needs a region (#2099)
ibexa/documentation-developer: docs/commerce/shipping_management/extend_shipping.md

![Creating a shipping method of custom type](img/custom_shipping_method_type.png "Creating a shipping method of custom type")

> !!! notice

Reviewer: ```suggestion
!!! note
```
we don't have notice :)

>     You must have regions to use this example. If you haven't, look at [Enable purchasing products](enable_purchasing_products.md) to create regions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To use this example, you must have regions. If you don't have them, refer to [Enable purchasing products](enable_purchasing_products.md) for instructions on how to add them..
```
